fundraiser sucks doesn't it you gotta go
to the store when it's super busy wait
for the guy to get the key for that
stupid glass cabinet and then they try
and sell you on these little pivot ball
heads and buzzing razors that just end
up slicing your face I finally found a
company that solves this ridiculous
problem of buying razors is called
Dollar Shave Club every month they send
high-quality razors straight to your
doorstep and there's three affordable
packages to go with you've got the nine
dollar a month package which will give
you a six blade razor with stainless
steel blades and a low lubricating strip
you can go with six dollars a month that
will get you a four blade razor which
has aloe vera lubricating strips as well
all stainless steel blades and then for
only a dollar a month you can get a two
blade razor for just one dollar a month
I went with the six blade executive
package but it's completely up to you
whatever you prefer I love this one and
it works great for me but you might
prefer the four blade or the two blade
once and for all you ladies out there
you know guys razors are better this is
for you to pick from the two blade for
blade or six blade razors and get a
smooth shave on your legs so every month
they're going to send you for
replacement blades with the blades of
your choice the one dollar package the
six dollar package or the nine dollar
package you also get the doctor Carver's
shave butter and you also get the doctor
Carver's post-shave all-in-one
moisturizer so go and check those guys
out they are called the Dollar Shave
Club and i will put a link in the
description below for you guys it's
great company you don't have to go to
the store
and wait for the little clerk to open up
the drawer and get you those stupid
razors anymore they get shipped straight
to your doorstep with some high quality
stainless steel blades and the shea
butter and lotion so you everything you
need to get your shaving done so it's
not much of a hassle anymore go check
them out thanks guys